Document proxy mode and proxy port fields (#852)
stacklok/docs-website: docs/toolhive/guides-ui/run-mcp-servers.mdx

   external networks. See the [Network isolation](./network-isolation.mdx) guide
   for details.

1. **Proxy mode** [Conditional]:\
   The proxy transport mode that clients should use to connect to this server.
   Choose **SSE** (`sse`) or **Streamable HTTP** (`streamable-http`). This
   option appears only when the MCP server uses the `stdio` transport and is not
   configured for bearer-token authentication. For `sse` and `streamable-http`
   transports, the MCP server already speaks HTTP, so no proxy mode selection is

>    needed.

Reviewer: Disagree with Copilot here, "bearer token" isn't generally hyphenated, but it shouldn't be capitalized unless specifically referring to a UI element to match.

```suggestion
   configured for bearer token authentication. For `sse` and `streamable-http`
   transports, the MCP server already speaks HTTP, so no proxy mode selection is
   needed.
```

>    needed.

Author: Agreed. Reverted to lowercase "bearer token authentication" here at `33b9ec9`, and kept bold **Bearer Token** only when referring to the picker option label.

1. **Proxy port** [Optional]:\
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive will

>    automatically assign a random port. This is the port that AI clients connect

Reviewer: Fix passive voice:

```suggestion
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive
   automatically assigns a random port. This is the port that AI clients connect
```

Author: Switched this **Proxy port** description to active voice at `33b9ec9`: "ToolHive automatically assigns a random port".

     name and either select an existing secret or enter a new value to create
     one.

1. **Proxy port** [Optional]:\
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive will

>    automatically assign a random port. **Proxy mode** is not shown for remote

Reviewer: Fix passive voice:

```suggestion
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive
   automatically assigns a random port. **Proxy mode** is not shown for remote
```

Author: Active voice applied on this bullet at `33b9ec9`, kept the "**Proxy mode** is not shown for remote" note as suggested.

   transports only). [Optional]\
   If the MCP server uses a specific port, enter it here. If not specified,
   ToolHive will use a random port that is exposed to the container with the
   `MCP_PORT` and `FASTMCP_PORT` environment variables. Selecting `stdio` hides
   this field, since `stdio` servers don't expose a port from the container.

1. **Proxy mode** [Conditional]:\
   The proxy transport mode that clients should use to connect to this server.
   Choose **SSE** (`sse`) or **Streamable HTTP** (`streamable-http`). This
   option appears only when the **transport protocol** is `stdio` and you're not

>    using bearer-token authentication.

Reviewer: Same as above, my suggestion would be "bearer token"

```suggestion
   using bearer token authentication.
```

>    using bearer-token authentication.

Author: Same lowercase fix applied to this Custom Docker bullet at `33b9ec9`.

1. **Proxy port** [Optional]:\
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive will

>    automatically assign a random port. This is the port that AI clients connect

Reviewer: Fix passive voice:

```suggestion
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive
   automatically assigns a random port. This is the port that AI clients connect
```

Author: Same active-voice fix applied on the Custom Docker **Proxy port** bullet at `33b9ec9`.

   transports only). [Optional]\
   If the MCP server uses a specific port, enter it here. If not specified,
   ToolHive will use a random port that is exposed to the container with the
   `MCP_PORT` and `FASTMCP_PORT` environment variables. Selecting `stdio` hides
   this field, since `stdio` servers don't expose a port from the container.

1. **Proxy mode** [Conditional]:\
   The proxy transport mode that clients should use to connect to this server.
   Choose **SSE** (`sse`) or **Streamable HTTP** (`streamable-http`). This
   option appears only when the **transport protocol** is `stdio` and you're not

>    using bearer-token authentication.

Reviewer: Same as above, my suggestion would be "bearer token"

```suggestion
   using bearer token authentication.
```

>    using bearer-token authentication.

Author: Same lowercase fix applied to the Custom source bullet at `33b9ec9`.

1. **Proxy port** [Optional]:\
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive will

>    automatically assign a random port. This is the port that AI clients connect

Reviewer: Fix passive voice:

```suggestion
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive
   automatically assigns a random port. This is the port that AI clients connect
```

Author: Same active-voice fix applied to the Custom source **Proxy port** bullet at `33b9ec9`.

   ToolHive supports server-sent events (SSE) and Streamable HTTP (default) for
   real-time communication. The protocol must match what the MCP server
   supports.
5. **Proxy port** [Optional]:\
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive will

>    automatically assign a random port. **Proxy mode** is not shown for remote

Reviewer: Fix passive voice:

```suggestion
   Port for the HTTP proxy to listen on. If not specified, ToolHive
   automatically assigns a random port. **Proxy mode** is not shown for remote
```

Author: Active voice applied here as well at `33b9ec9`, with the "**Proxy mode** is not shown for remote" sentence preserved.
